4 Pane
3 Window
2 Session
1 Client


Programs run in terminals in panes, which each belong to one window.
Each window has a name and one active pane.
Windows are linked to one or more sessions.
Each session has a list of windows, each with an index.
One of the windows in a session is the current window.
Sessions are attached to one or more clients, or are detached (attached to no clients).
Each client is attached to one session.

When a tmux client is attached, it shows a status line on the bottom line of the screen. By default this is green and shows:
    On the left, the name of the attached session: [0] or [main]
    In the middle, a list of the windows in the session, with their index, for example with one window called ksh at index 0: 0:ksh.
    On the right, the pane title in quotes (this defaults to the name of the host running tmux) and the time and the date.

-general-
C-a            current leader
leader leader  sends the leader commands to the running program
leader ?       help
leader >       Display pane menu
leader <       Display window menu
leader w       Choose a window from a list
leader s       Choose a session from a list
leader S       Create a new session with date-time name in new Alacritty window (exits when no client attached)
leader :       Prompt for a command

-client-
leader d       Detach the current client

-window-
leader c       Create a new window
leader &       Kill current window
leader w       Choose a window from a list
leader w x     Kill a window from a list
leader 0       Select window 0
leader '       Prompt for window index to select
leader l       Select the previously current window
leader n       Select the next window
leader p       Select the previous window

leader Space   Select next layout                                                     23:14 [67/2]
leader "       Split window vertically
leader %       Split window horizontally
leader .       Move the current window

-pane-
leader o       Select the next pane
leader ;       Move to the previously active pane
leader x       Kill the active pane
leader z       Zoom the active pane
leader !       Break pane to a new window
leader f       Search for a pane

leader Up      Select the pane above the active pane
leader Down    Select the pane below the active pane
leader Left    Select the pane to the left of the active pane                          23:14 [7/2]
leader Right   Select the pane to the right of the active pane

leader {       Swap the active pane with the pane above
leader }       Swap the active pane with the pane below
leader E       Spread panes out evenly
leader C-o     Rotate through the panes

leader M-Up    Resize the pane up by 5
leader M-Down  Resize the pane down by 5
leader M-Left  Resize the pane left by 5
leader M-Right Resize the pane right by 5
leader C-Up    Resize the pane up
leader C-Down  Resize the pane down
leader C-Left  Resize the pane left
leader C-Right Resize the pane right
